content/pages/about.mdx, before:

---
title: About
slug: /about
---

## Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis neque orci, tristique eu lacinia vel, gravida ac neque. Proin rhoncus velit quis purus viverra gravida.

![Avatar](../assets/avatar.webp)

Cras vitae ex laoreet, maximus enim ut, sagittis nisi. Cras condimentum accumsan est, in tincidunt ex vulputate id. Pellentesque at convallis libero. Phasellus erat leo, eleifend ut commodo sit amet, efficitur vel tellus. Cras nec finibus purus, nec faucibus risus. Etiam vulputate viverra viverra. Donec ac blandit sapien.

Pellentesque porta lorem a nunc posuere laoreet. Donec imperdiet erat orci, quis volutpat felis vehicula eget. Aenean sed lobortis justo, eget suscipit velit. Sed semper tellus in condimentum tempor. In venenatis maximus consequat. Vivamus luctus ullamcorper arcu gravida iaculis. Nam interdum, magna et aliquam eleifend, ligula mauris ullamcorper eros, et faucibus lacus dui et sem.

Vivamus sit amet lobortis lorem, at consectetur velit. Etiam finibus ligula et lorem eleifend condimentum. Nunc et nunc eleifend, mattis nibh vel, venenatis velit. Mauris mi neque, convallis id aliquet sit amet, dictum vitae enim. Cras eros purus, mollis sed placerat vitae, ornare in tellus. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Vestibulum sollicitudin tristique tellus ut porta. Nulla ut maximus lacus, sed pellentesque velit. Etiam cursus neque vitae elit iaculis elementum. In sed consectetur sem, vitae sagittis nisl. Proin molestie elementum arcu, eget vehicula urna porttitor a. Nullam nec arcu sodales, fringilla nibh quis, hendrerit ex.

Commit message:

Updated files from previous, broken, version to this latest, working, version

content/pages/about.mdx, after:

---
title: About Me
slug: /about
---

![Self-Portrait](../assets/self_hendywds-233x300.jpg)

---
**M**atthew is a talented and creative photographer dedicated to using his talents and skills in photography, and love for architecture, to provide high quality images for the Real Estate Market.

Matthew strives to capture, not just the visual appearance of a building, but something of the intent of the architect and feeling of the structure or interior.

Matthew is easy to work with and provides great support for marketing Real Estate Properties.

Matthew’s journey into photography started at a very young age when his father took him to Philadelphia to buy his first camera; a twin-lens reflex. He still has it. It was with that camera that Matthew began to discover the wonders of the play of light and the freezing of time with the click of the shutter. It was the Golden Age of Photography, when film had to be developed, and images emerged from a piece of white paper in a bath of chemicals. Matthew spent hours in the darkroom he set up in his basement, refining his art.

Later Matthew attended the University of Delaware where he received a BA in Fine Art, with an emphasis in photography. His photos were selected to illustrate a brochure produced by the University. He has always had a love for architecture and considered becoming an architect.

As Matthew’s life progressed, the need to actually make a living moved him into other areas of interest that were more marketable. Matthew went back to school and earned an AA in Computer Electronics, eventually becoming a software engineer.

During this time Matthew’s love for photography was always present. Recently the idea of using his photography skills and passion for architecture came up as a way to combine Matthew’s love for photography and passion for architecture in a way to provide a service to help people. Thus was born Matt Hoffman Photography.
